Hmm this
Hahaha
I don't know what you think of our family's allure?
Miss Li is very beautiful and excellent
But what else is there?
I have seen your excellence
And your home is clean.
It just so happens that our family Qingcheng doesn't have a boyfriend yet
Why don't you two just stay together?
My aunt is going to be the mother of the duckling.
Look at your daughter, she has agreed.
What are you hesitating about as a big man?
If you do this, the two of you will receive the certificate tomorrow.
Find an auspicious day for your wedding
Li Lao, my career is just getting started
I don't want Miss Li to suffer with me
I'd like to spend some time with Miss Li first
If Miss Li is satisfied with me
Then I'm fine with it.
Just do as you say
Hey, it's alluring.
You take this card
You can choose any villa area in Jiangzhou
You can decide which set you like.
You can go and have a look tomorrow, Elder Li
I can't accept this.
It's not for you
This is for children. Take it
Dad, there's no light where we live
Xiaoyu is so afraid of calves
Hey, what about people?
Mrs. Li thanks you
Also called Li Lao
Uncle Li, that's right, hahahaha